two weeks after chemo still no hair nice
tan line though from Florida so little
fuzz coming back for weeks post chemo
still no hair little fuzz but that's
about it no eyelashes have to still
pencil in my eyebrows I just want my
eyelashes to come back yeah hi everybody
six weeks post-chemo
my hair is finally starting to come back
on Thanksgiving dead you see it yep
Happy Thanksgiving
week eight post-chemo finally getting
back some hair a lot more in the back
compared to the front and I finally have
some eyelashes again and my eyebrows are
growing back it has been 10 weeks since
my chemo and my hair is finally growing
really fast all over and it's coming
what in way darker than it was before
Mary Christ when teen weeks post chemo
and I cannot believe how much hair I
have I'm starting to get Bed Head have
the hair spray it down it's crazy
sixteen weeks since my last chemo
sixteen weeks per scheme oh and I got a
lot of hair okay I suppose kima I can't
believe how much hair I have and how
much I didn't have in that picture it
has been 20 weeks since my last chemo
and I think it's time for a haircut
because I got a rat's tail 20 22 weeks
for weeks post-chemo and thus what my
hair looks like when I get out of the
shower looks good I know he's six weeks
post-chemo
it has been 28 weeks since my last chemo
and I'm starting to get some curl in the
back it has been 30 weeks since my last
chemo I'm thinking about getting a
haircut soon in the back because it's
starting to look like I have a mullet in
32 weeks since my last chemo and this is
my last video because I'm going to get
my first haircut so I'll take a after
haircut video - that's how long my mole
it is now see a little bit
you
okay this week 32 still after my last
chemo and I just got my first haircut it
feels so much better thank you for
watching